Manage incomplete uploads (#219)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/services/storage-users.adoc

include::partial$deployment/services/beta-statement.adoc[]

== Manage Unfinished Uploads

// referencing: [oCIS FS] clean up aborted uploads https://github.com/owncloud/ocis/issues/2622

> When using Infinite Scale as user storage, a directory named `storage/users/uploads` can be found in the Infinite Scale data folder. This is an intermediate directory based on {tus-url}[TUS] which is an open protocol for resumable uploads. Each upload consists of a _blob_ and a _blob.info_ file. Note that the term _blob_ is just a placeholder for the ease of explanation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Infinite Scale as user storage, a directory named `storage/users/uploads` can be found in the Infinite Scale data folder. This is an intermediate directory based on {tus-url}[TUS] which is an open protocol for resumable uploads. Each upload consists of a _blob_ and a _blob.info_ file. Note that the term _blob_ is just a placeholder.
```

* **If an upload succeeds**, the _blob_ file will be moved to the target and the _blob.info_ file will be deleted.

* **In case of incomplete uploads**, the _blob_ and _blob.info_ files will continue to recieve data until either the upload succeeds in time or the upload expires based on the `STORAGE_USERS_UPLOAD_EXPIRATION` variable, see the table below for details.

> * **In case of expired uploads**, the _blob_ and _blob.info_ files will _not_ be removed automatically and a lot of data can pile up eating up storage space over time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **In case of expired uploads**, the _blob_ and _blob.info_ files will _not_ be removed automatically. Thus a lot of data can pile up over time wasting storage space.
```
